what's up guys this is amar from
generation why not and this is my first
one one Thursday segment I'm very
excited about this I've been trying to
delay it as much as I could get pretty
awkward to be used to the camera to be
honest a lot of people think it's ironic
I'm actually in Egypt right now so
hopefully that helps I'm home this is
where I was born and raised and I'm very
excited to be here after an entire year
of not seeing my family my stay in Egypt
this time is pretty short it's only six
days and I'm actually going to tell you
today what happened a year ago the exact
same time almost of the day when I was
in Egypt it's a pretty a pretty
interesting story that I want to share
with you and I'll be showing you my
favorite
the pyramids just border Cairo show all
of this is Cairo and here we are
its massive guys it's way bigger than
you would think like in photos and stuff
you'd think it's pretty wide from the
base hey guys so I just came back from
the airport only to discover that I lost
the flash drive that had and half of my
footage and the half that I lost is the
half where I explained my adventure in
Egypt last year so I'm going to have to
redo it here so this is quite the change
of scenery from plus 20 to minus 10 so
when I was four I visited the Great
Pyramid of Giza for the first time in my
life and I remember looking up and
dreaming to be on top one day so last
summer I went back and I made an attempt
that no one has ever done before
I have literally had people tell me that
this is impossible and I'm wasting my
time and even trying to make this happen
I tried to convince the government to
let me climb the Great Pyramid of Giza
legally with their permission I tried to
look for leads anyone would know how to
go about this since it's criminalized so
after 39 days of going every single day
to some sort of a government office
trying to ask people of whether this is
possible or not day 39
I've gotten the Minister of Tourism
approval the minister of Antiquities
approval the Egyptian intelligence
approval and the Army's approval but
unfortunately with the execution I ran
into some problems so right now I'm
working on fixing these problems and
hopefully next time I'm in Egypt I'll be
there along with the generation 1 team
and we will get to show you what Egypt
is like and hopefully show you what it
looks like to be on top of the Great
Pyramid of Giza the last standing wonder
of the ancient world so right now I'm
going to take you back to Egypt to show
you my favorite thing to do one day
if you ever have a chance to come visit
Egypt you should definitely come and you
should hit me up I will your personal
tour guide I'd love to do that and
hopefully when I get to climb the
pyramid get to be here he's out guys
I'll see you next Monday maybe Roy yeah
my if you could take more time
that'd be oh yes we are I got to stand
like this so that's that's good okay all
right guys hey guys we have a big big
announcement we are leaving the cold of
Montreal in about ten to twelve days
what not to a few different countries
and the weird thing is we don't even
really know where yet welcome ideas
we've some ideas so if you by any chance
our firm any of these countries or know
anybody from these countries please
please please let us know because we
need help getting contacts there to the
three countries like Costa Rica Oh
Mexico what's the other you bar okay
Costa Rica Cuba Mexico and no one don't
play it maybe Ecuador Wow and Nicaragua
okay brother Billy this is a good way to
video and look at these two normal dudes
right here boy hello so I'm kind of
comfy so my father
Arobin sweet in silver bell mountains
right away